If an API request generates an error, the error is listed in the response section of the endpoint. If you need more information on API errors, please read the error [reference guide](https://developer.service.hmrc.gov.uk/api-documentation/docs/reference-guide). 

If you need more information on understanding any terms relating to Pillar 2, please check the glossary in the [service guide](https://developer.development.tax.service.gov.uk/guides/pillar2-service-guide/). 

**Submit UK Tax Return** / **Amend UK Tax Return**

The errors listed here return a 422 HTTP code when a request for the SubmitUKTR/AmendUKTR API is not processed successfully. 

<table>
<thead>
<tr>
<th>Error Message</th>
<th>Next Steps</th>
</tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
<tr>
<td>002 - Pillar 2 ID required</td>
<td>Please provide the request header for your client, to check it contains the Pillar 2 ID they were assigned at registration.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>003 - Request could not be processed</td>
<td>The message could not be processed due to locking. Please send the request again.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>004 - Duplicate submission acknowledgment reference</td>
<td>A request with the same acknowledgement reference has already been sent. This is held in the <strong>correlationid</strong> field in the request header, and generated by the originating system.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>007 - Business Partner does not have an Active Subscription</td>
<td>The request Pillar 2 ID is not listed as active by HMRC. Please contact the central support team.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>044 - Tax Obligation Already Fulfilled</td>
<td>A UKTR for the specified period has already been  submitted. If you are trying to amend a UKTR, please check you are sending the <strong>amendUKTR</strong> API request.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>093 - Invalid Return</td>
<td>There is an error with the tax return you’ve submitted in the request. Please check the <strong>accountingPeriodFrom</strong> and <strong>accountingPeriodTo</strong> fields to ensure the dates are valid. If you need to  check or amend the accounting period pattern, you can do this on the Pillar 2 site under personal details.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>094 - Invalid DTT Election</td>
<td>The DTT values in the request are invalid. Please check the values for <strong>electionDTTSingleMember</strong> and <strong>numberSubGroupDTT</strong>, and check the <strong>amountOwedDTT</strong> matches the <strong>totalLiabilityDTT</strong> amount. Then submit the request again.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>095 - Invalid UTPR Election</td>
<td>The UTPR values in the request are invalid. Please check the values for <strong>electionUTPRSingleMember</strong> and <strong>numberSubGroupUTPR</strong> are correct and check the <strong>amountOwedUTPR</strong> matches the <strong>totalLiabilityUTPR</strong> amount. Then submit the request again.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>096 - Invalid Total Liability</td>
<td>The totalLiability value in the request does not match the combined values of <strong>totalLiabilityDTT</strong>, <strong>totalLiabilityIIR</strong> and <strong>totalLiabilityUTPR</strong>. Please check the sum of these 3 fields matches the <strong>totalLiability</strong> value and submit the request again.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>097 - Invalid Total Liability IIR</td>
<td>The <strong>totalLiabilityIIR</strong> value does not match the <strong>amountIIR value</strong> from the <strong>liableEntities</strong> array. Please check the value of these fields matches and submit the request again.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>098 - Invalid Total Liability DTT</td>
<td>The <strong>totalLiabilityDTT</strong> value does not match the <strong>amountDTT</strong> value from the <strong>liableEntities</strong> array. Please check the value of these fields matches and submit the request again.</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>099 - Invalid Total Liability UTPR</td>
<td>The <strong>totalLiabilityUTPR</strong> value does not match the <strong>amountUTPR</strong> value from the <strong>liableEntities</strong> array. Please check the value of these fields matches and submit the request again.                                                                 </td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

